Initial Developer Access Documenation (#733)
BCDevOps/platform-services: security/aporeto/docs/DeveloperAccess.md

5. (Optional) Return to the Search Bar to add your namespace to your favorites by clicking the pin icon at the end of your namespace
6. Click `Platform` in your side bar to view a mapping of the Processing Units (PUs / Pods) in your namespace and their current network flows.

> TODO: Make this gif match the example
![Aporeto Console Namespace Access & Favorite](assets/aporeto-access-favorite.gif)

**🤓 ProTip**

* You can also bookmark the links to your aporeto namespaces but you may need to go to `https://console.aporeto.com/` to login before accessing the links.

### What now?

`NetworkSecurityPolicies` (`nsp`) and `ExternalNetworks` (`en`) can be viewed by expanding the Network authorization menu in the sidebar and selecting either Network Policies or External Networks. `NetworkSecurityPolicies` and `ExternalNetworks` defined within OpenShift 4 will appear here when the NSP Operator has processed them successfully. If you don't see your `nsp` or `en` listed please check the status of the Custom Resources with an

```sh
oc -n ${NAMESPACE} describe nsp <resource_name>
oc -n ${NAMESPACE} describe en <resource_name>
```

> Processing Units (PUs), which represent your pods or applications, can be viewed either from the Platform or Processing units menu items in the sidebar. You can select any PU to view the tags and metadata associated with it. These tags can be used when writing your `NetworkSecurityPolicies` to give you greater control and flexibility to meet your application's security requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Processing Units (PUs) represent your pods or applications.  PU details can be viewed with a graphical representation of traffic flow through the **Platform** menu section, or as a list with individual status detail in the **Processing units** menu section. You can select any PU  in the **Processing units** section to view the tags and metadata associated with it. These tags can be used when writing your `NetworkSecurityPolicies` to give you greater control and flexibility to meet your application's security requirements.  When you select a specific PU in the **Platform** section a sidebar pops up with several more detailed sections of information including: General tags and metadata, Network Statistics, Event Logs and more.
```
